Add VoteEntry object info. (#56)
ripple/opensource.ripple.com: docs/xls-30d-amm/ledger-object-types/amm.md

| `Price`         | [Currency Amount][] | Amount            | Yes       | The amount the auction owner paid to win this slot, in LP Tokens. |
| `Expiration`    | String              | UInt32            | Yes       | The time when this slot expires, in [seconds since the Ripple Epoch][]. |

## VoteEntry Object

The `VoteSlots` field contains an array of `VoteEntry` objects with the following fields:

| Field            | JSON Type           | [Internal Type][] | Required? | Description  |
|:-----------------|:--------------------|:------------------|:----------|--------------|

> | `Account`        | String - Address    | AccountID         | Yes       | The account ID that cast the vote. |

Reviewer: Nit: the ID didn't cast the vote, the account did.

```suggestion
| `Account`        | String - Address    | AccountID         | Yes       | The account that cast the vote. |
```

| `TradingFee`     | Number              | UInt16            | Yes       | The proposed trading fee, in units of 1/100,000; a value of 1 is equivalent to 0.001%. The maximum value is 1000, indicating a 1% fee. |

> | `VoteWeight`     | Number              | UInt32            | Yes       | The weight of the vote, in units of 1/100,000. A value of 1 is 0.001%; the maximum value is 100000, indicated a 100% weighted vote. The weight is determined by the LP Tokens the account owns.|

Reviewer: I suggest slightly rewording this to be easier to understand and to match the description in the amm_info page (though neither wording is perfect):

```suggestion
| `VoteWeight`     | Number              | UInt32            | Yes       | The weight of the vote, in units of 1/100,000. For example, a value of 1234 means this vote counts as 1.234% of the weighted total vote. The weight is determined by the percentage of this AMM's LP Tokens the account owns. The maximum value is 100000. |
```
